ce Practices
1.B  3.C.b  3.C.c  4.A  6.B  6.C  6.E.c
Since students learned how to make 
scientific claims in the previous unit, the 
instructional focus of this unit should be 
on gaining proficiency in argumentation 
through supporting claims with evidence. The 
evidence can be from biological principles, 
concepts, processes, and/or data. Students 
should provide reasoning to justify a claim by 
connecting evidence to biologicalÂ theories.
A key concept in this unit is structure-
function relationships. This should be 
reinforced in context as students proceed 
through the course. It is important that 
students understand rates of enzyme 
reactions and how they are affected by 
environmental factors, such as enzyme or 
substrate concentration, pH, temperature, 
and the presence of inhibitors.
As students learn about cellular respiration 
and photosynthesis, be sure to emphasize 
the differences between the two processes, 
how they function together within an 
ecosystem, and the conse