ings, or 
photos) of the data. 
Students gather and 
record data, giving 
some thought to the 
representations of 
the data with some 
contributions from the 
teacher. 
Students gather and 
record their own data, 
giving thoughtful 
consideration to the 
representations of the 
data with little to no 
contribution from the 
teacher. 
4. Explaining results 
Analyzing data using 
calculations, graphing, 
and statistical analyses; 
looking for anomalous 
data 
Students do not analyze 
data; the data analysis 
is provided by the 
teacher or curriculum 
materials. 
Students conduct some 
of the data analysis; 
much of the analysis is 
done by the teacher. 
Students conduct their 
own data analyses with 
some contributions from 
the teacher. 
Students conduct their 
own data analyses with 
little to no contribution 
from the teacher. 
Identifying the evidence
from the analyzed data 
 Students do not identify 
evidence from the 
data; the teacher or 
curriculum materials 
identify the evidenc