e. 
Students identify the 
evidence from the data; 
much of the analysis is 
done by the teacher. 
Students identify the 
evidence from the data; 
some contributions to 
the analysis are done 
by the teacher. 
Students identify the 
evidence from the 
data with little to no 
contribution from the 
teacher. 
Providing explanations; 
noting unexpected 
findings; addressing 
accuracy of data, 
experimental errors, 
limitations, or flaws 
Students do not provide 
explanations; the 
teacher or curriculum 
materials provide the 
explanations. 
Students provide 
explanations with 
significant contributions 
from the teacher. 
Students provide 
explanations with some 
contributions from the 
teacher. 
Students provide 
explanations with little 
to no contribution from 
the teacher. 
Connecting evidence 
with scientific 
knowledge 
Students do not 
connect the 
evidence to scientific 
knowledge; the 
teacher or curriculum 
materials provide the 
connections. 
Students make the 
connections betw