ve 
limited rationale for 
their choices. 
Students have a 
thoughtful, scientific 
rationale for their 
choices of variables. 
Considering 
experimental controls 
and conditions that 
need to be controlled 
Students give no 
attention to the design 
of controls, and 
conditions that need 
to be controlled are 
provided by the teacher 
or curriculum materials. 
Students give minimal 
attention to the 
design of controls and 
conditions that need to 
be controlled. 
Students give some 
attention to the 
design of controls and 
conditions that need to 
be controlled. 
Students give 
purposeful, focused 
attention to the 
design of controls and 
conditions that need to 
be controlled. 
Appendix D A21 
 
LEAST COMPLEX 
MOST COMPLEX 
Gathering and 
organizing data during 
the investigation 
Students do not collect 
data; the data are 
provided by the teacher 
or curriculum materials. 
Students gather and 
record data, giving little 
to no thought to the 
representations (e.g., 
tables, draw