ating and then
put into four tubes. A primer, DNA polymerase
and all four nucleotides are added. Limited
quantities of one of the four dideoxynucleotides
(ddNTPs) are added to each tube respectively.
Each one of them carries a specific fluorescent
label. Chain elongation continues until a
fluorescent ddNTP is added to the growing
chain, after which chain termination occurs. Gel
electrophoresis is performed and the length of
each base is detected by laser scanners with
wavelengths specific to the four different
ddNTPSâ€™s.
b.
A DNA sample is denatured by heating and then
put into four tubes. A primer, RNA polymerase
and all four nucleotides are added. Limited
quantities of one of the four dideoxynucleotides
(ddNTPs) are added to each tube respectively.
Each one of them carries a specific fluorescent
label. Chain elongation continues until a
fluorescent ddNTP is added to the growing
chain, after which chain termination occurs. Gel
electrophoresis is performed and the length of
each base is