ood and begins chemical digestion. The tongue
then physically moves the food to the pharynx,
where peristalsis moves the food into the
stomach.
b.
The teeth and jaw mechanically chew the food,
and saliva from the salivary glands moistens the
food and initiates mechanical and chemical
digestion. The tongue then physically moves the
food to the pharynx, where peristalsis moves the
food into the stomach.
c.
The teeth and jaw mechanically chew the food,
and saliva from the salivary glands moistens the
food and begins chemical digestion. The tongue
then physically moves the food to the larynx,
where peristalsis moves the food into the
stomach.
d.
The teeth and jaw mechanically chew the food,
and saliva from the salivary glands moistens the
food and initiates mechanical and chemical
digestion. The tongue then physically moves the
food to the pharynx, where segmentation moves
the food into the stomach.
61. Most mammals have a monogastric digestive system,
which means they have one stomach cha