the
branching of the aorta into the renal arteries.
They end with the exiting of the renal veins to
join the superior vena cava. Each segmental
renal artery formed by the splitting of the renal
arteries splits again into interlobar arteries and
enters the renal columns. These again split to
form arcuate arteries, from which cortical radiate
arteries radiate out and branch into many
afferent arterioles that enter the capillaries
supplying the nephrons. Veins trace the path of
arteries and have similar names, except there are
no segmental veins.
b.
Blood enters and exits the kidney at the renal
hilum, and the renal blood supply starts with the
branching of the aorta into the renal arteries.
They end with the exiting of the renal veins to
join the inferior vena cava. Each segmental renal
artery formed by the splitting of the renal
arteries splits again into interlobar arteries and
enters the renal columns. These again split to
form arcuate arteries, from which cortical radiate
arteries ra