oes sheep grazing make insects more available
to birds? This question refines the question
about how sheep grazing affects bird populations
because it asks more specifically how sheep
grazing changes the food availability for the
birds.
b.
How does sheep grazing make insects more
available to birds? This question refines the
question about how sheep grazing affects insect
populations because it asks more specifically
how sheep grazing changes the food availability
for the insects.
c.
Does sheep grazing make insects more available
to birds? This question refines the question
about how sheep grazing affects bird populations
because it asks more specifically how sheep
grazing changes the food availability for the
insects.
d.
How does sheep grazing make insects more
available to birds? This question refines the
question about how sheep grazing affects bird
populations because it asks more specifically
how sheep grazing changes the food availability
for the insects.
84. A pond ecosystem in 