at fuses with the
interior of the plasma membrane via attachment
proteins.
b.
In endocytosis, waste material is enveloped in a
membrane that fuses with the interior of the
plasma membrane via attachment proteins.
Exocytosis involves the opsonization of the
receptor and its ligand in a clathrin-coated
vesicles.
c.
In endocytosis, waste material is enveloped in a
membrane that fuses with the interior of the
plasma membrane via attachment proteins.
Exocytosis involves the opsonization of the
receptor and its ligand in caveolae-coated
vesicles.
d.
Endocytosis involves the opsonization of the
receptor and its ligand in clathrin-coated
vesicles. In exocytosis, waste material is
enveloped in a membrane that fuses with the
exterior of the plasma membrane via attachment
proteins.
27. Describe the process of potocytosis and explain how it
differs from pinocytosis.
a.
Potocytosis is a form of receptor-mediated
endocytosis where molecules are transported via
caveolae-coated vesicles. Pinocytosis i