in, which is secreted by part of the
juxtaglomerular complex, acts on angiotensin to
form angiotensin II, which is then converted to
angiotensin I by ACE. Angiotensin II then
stimulates the release of aldosterone and ADH.
Angiotensin II acts to stabilize blood pressure
and volume.
c.
Renin, which is secreted by part of the
juxtaglomerular complex, acts on angiotensin to
form angiotensin I, which is then converted to
angiotensin II and ADH by ACE. ADH then
stimulates the release of aldosterone.
Angiotensin II acts to stabilize blood pressure
and volume.
d.
Renin, which is secreted by part of the
juxtaglomerular complex, acts on angiotensin to
form angiotensin I, which is then converted to
angiotensin II by ACE. Angiotensin II then
stimulates the release of aldosterone and ADH.
Angiotensin II acts to stabilize blood pressure
and volume.
43. What is the “fight or flight” response, and what is its
effect on the excretory system?
a.
Aldosterone is the “fight or flight” that is
released by t