e selected by females to
reproduce, generating an allele frequency which
is different from the original population. An
example of the founder effect is the reproductive
pattern of mountain gorillas. Mountain gorillas
tend to have a single dominant male, the
silverback, who gets the vast majority of the
matings in the population. This leads to the next
generation expressing mainly genes from the
silverback and very few genes from the other
males, changing the genetic structure of the
population.
d.
The founder effect occurs when the selective
pressure on a trait varies depending on the
alleles expressed within the population,
generating varying allele frequencies based on
the genetic makeup of the original population.
An example of the founder effect is the cyclical
dominance of three throat-color patterns in side-
blotched lizards.
23. Explain what a cline is and identify an example.
a.
A cline is a type of geographic variation that is
seen in populations of a given species that vary
g