 detected by laser scanners with
wavelengths specific to the four different
ddNTPS’s.
c.
A DNA sample is denatured by heating and then
put into four tubes. A primer, DNA polymerase
and all four nucleotides are added. Limited
quantities of one of the four dideoxynucleotides
(ddNTPs) are added to each tube respectively.
Each one of them carries a specific fluorescent
label. Chain elongation continues until a
fluorescent ddNTP is removed from the growing
chain, after which chain termination occurs. Gel
electrophoresis is performed and the length of
each base is detected by laser scanners with
wavelengths specific to the four different
ddNTPS’s.
d.
A DNA sample is denatured by heating and then
put into four tubes. A primer, DNA polymerase
and all four nucleotides are added. Limited
quantities of one of the four deoxynucleotides
(dNTPs) are added to each tube respectively.
Each one of them carries a specific fluorescent
label. Chain elongation continues until a
fluorescent dNTP is added the